## Initial project vision

HayTour is a project that came to my mind when I started to work as a tour guide in an agency.
I saw that they are still useing excell and some old books. It is a mess and I cannot imagine
that to continue during this period of digitalization. So I thought why won't I, make a system
that will help other tour agencies like that to have their work more organized and automated.

The first thing I noticed was their website, it's not bad, however I can make a much better one.
Something more user-friendly having into account that people from all over the world, different
cultures, different languages and different places will be pleased to use.

Here comes the first part of my project.

1. CLIENT WEBSITE

The website will give the opportunity to book tours(bus-tours, bike-tours or just normal ones),
rent bicycles and laguage storage reservation. The GUI will be user-friendly and what is more important
very intuitive for all levels of digital knowledge.

2. ERP(enterprise resource plannification) app and also a website, that will give all the workers of
the agency an easier life.

  a. Guide interface
    The guides will have an application and a website where they will be able to see
    their stats(number of tours during a certain period, cients' opinions, rating, etc).
    They won't be able to change that information. When a client books a tour, the system automatically chooses
    the guide(s) basing on certain criterias, the guide(s) then will decide weather to accept the offer or not.
    The first guide that accepts the tour offer will get it. If they choose at the same time the system will automatically
    choose the guide with less amount of tours during that month, but if they both have the same amount of tours the guide
    will be chosen randomly or based on other stats they have.

  b.Manager interface
    The managers' interface will be much complex. They will be able to see and manipulate guides' information, but only
    if the guide work in their district. They will also have all the stats of the district they work in, the income, the bicycles, etc.
    They will be able to change some of their personal information but not all of them.

  c.Owner
    The owner will be like a manager but with all the rights available and stats of all districts, separatedly and all together.
    
!!Disclaimer!!: the criterias and logic will most probably change throughout the project and maybe even after the release.
  
  For now that's it. 12/17/2025
